Y
Apple puree
the ingredients are lemon apple cider
clove sugar and cinnamon
we put the clove inside a
filter for infusions
we peel the apples we take the
heart and cut them into pieces of
medium size
ah
to
m
we put the pieces of apple in a
cooking pot
we add a couple of pieces of the bark
of the lemon
We also put cinnamon in the pot and
the sugar
we add the juice of half a lemon and the
cider
finally we introduce in the pot the
filter clove
stir and heat to heat
medium
as we cook the apple goes
releasing large amount of water
It is important that we remove
constantly
when a large part of the water has
evaporated we removed the lemon rind
once the apple is tender and it
undo easily remove the saucepan
clove
we continue cooking for a few minutes
until you get almost a puree
At this point we remove the
Fire apple and we went through a
food mill
we already have our apple puree ready
with which to accompany numerous types of
meat or make sweet recipes
If you liked the recipe do not forget
subscribe